backup: change the location for s3-multi-part-size (#10786) (#10792)
pingcap/docs: tikv-configuration-file.md

+ Controls whether to limit the resources used by backup tasks to reduce the impact on the cluster when the cluster resource utilization is high. For more information, refer to [BR Auto-Tune](/br/br-auto-tune.md).
+ Default value: `true`

### `s3-multi-part-size` <span class="version-mark">New in v5.3.2</span>

> **Note:**
>

> > This configuration is introduced to address backup failures caused by S3 rate limiting. This problem has been fixed by [refining the backup data storage structure](/br/backup-and-restore-design.md#backup-file-structure). Therefore, this configuration is deprecated from v6.1.1 and is no longer recommended.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> This configuration is introduced to address backup failures caused by S3 rate limiting. This problem has been fixed by [refining the backup data storage structure](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/backup-and-restore-design#backup-file-structure). Therefore, this configuration is deprecated from v6.1.1 and is no longer recommended.
```
